# MemoryGame
To reviewer:  my project submission is a little different from most.  I set myself some challenges over and above what was required, so you will see a lot of stuff like generator functions and bit masking that isn't required by the project, but that I wanted to try out or apply to the problem.  Instead of card elements embedded in the HTML, I decided to generate them on the fly while the page loaded.  I wanted to reduce the number of globals, so I use a local storage object to store values used in the program.  In a couple of cases, I use generator functions to implement static variables.  I wanted to investigate the use of base64 images embedded in the JS, and also in the html.  I wanted to learn about canvas by taking a single large image and breaking it up into the card fronts.  I wanted to see if I could create a simple test harness to simulate clicks.  I put in the beginnings of accessibility support, but it is far from complete, though I do have an audio context that would be used for feedbak to visually impaired.  I added a test mode triggered by clicking on the Udacity icon.  I played around with animation using CSS and I implemented a bit masked truth table to keep track of faceup cards.  Finally, I implemented a very simple state machine using a dispatch key to index into a map where each key corresponds to processing code.

It's not finished.  I could spend another week cleaning up spaces, applying the programming format standards and condensing and rewriting code, but I have run out of time.  If I don't turn this in now, I will be so far behind that I never finish.  I'm on quarter break from school for two more weeks and my ability to work on the projects will be severely hampered.

Thanks,
Alan
